#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.10
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile dev-requirements.in
#
aiohttp==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   web3
aiosignal==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
alembic==1.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-migrate
astroid==2.12.4
    # via pylint
async-timeout==4.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
attrs==22.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
base58==2.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   multiaddr
bitarray==2.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   eth-account
black==22.6.0
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
certifi==2022.6.15
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==2.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   requests
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   black
    #   flask
cytoolz==0.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   eth-keyfile
    #   eth-utils
dill==0.3.5.1
    # via pylint
eth-abi==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   eth-account
    #   web3
eth-account==0.5.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   web3
eth-hash[pycryptodome]==0.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   eth-utils
    #   web3
eth-keyfile==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   eth-account
eth-keys==0.3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   eth-account
    #   eth-keyfile
eth-rlp==0.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   eth-account
    #   web3
eth-typing==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   eth-abi
    #   eth-keys
    #   eth-utils
    #   web3
eth-utils==1.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   eth-abi
    #   eth-account
    #   eth-keyfile
    #   eth-keys
    #   eth-rlp
    #   rlp
    #   web3
flake8==5.0.4
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
flask==2.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-cors
    #   flask-jwt-extended
    #   flask-migrate
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
flask-cors==3.0.10
    # via -r requirements.txt
flask-jwt-extended==4.4.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
flask-migrate==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
flask-sqlalchemy==2.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-migrate
frozenlist==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
greenlet==1.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pynvim
    #   sqlalchemy
hexbytes==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   eth-account
    #   eth-rlp
    #   web3
idna==3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
    #   yarl
ipfshttpclient==0.8.0a2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   web3
isort==5.10.1
    # via pylint
itsdangerous==2.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask
jsonschema==4.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   web3
lazy-object-proxy==1.7.1
    # via astroid
lru-dict==1.1.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   web3
mako==1.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   alembic
markupsafe==2.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   werkzeug
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via
    #   flake8
    #   pylint
msgpack==1.0.4
    # via pynvim
multiaddr==0.0.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipfshttpclient
multidict==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy==0.971
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
mypy-extensions==0.4.3
    # via
    #   black
    #   mypy
netaddr==0.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   multiaddr
parsimonious==0.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   eth-abi
pathspec==0.9.0
    # via black
platformdirs==2.5.2
    # via
    #   black
    #   pylint
protobuf==3.20.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   web3
psycopg2-binary==2.9.3
    # via -r requirements.txt
pycodestyle==2.9.1
    # via
    #   -r dev-requirements.in
    #   flake8
pycryptodome==3.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   eth-hash
    #   eth-keyfile
pyflakes==2.5.0
    # via flake8
pyjwt==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-jwt-extended
pylint==2.15.0
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
pynvim==0.4.3
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
pyrsistent==0.18.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
requests==2.28.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipfshttpclient
    #   web3
rlp==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   eth-account
    #   eth-rlp
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-cors
    #   multiaddr
    #   parsimonious
    #   python-dateutil
sqlalchemy==1.4.37
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   alembic
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   black
    #   mypy
    #   pylint
tomlkit==0.11.4
    # via pylint
toolz==0.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cytoolz
types-python-dateutil==2.8.19
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
types-requests==2.28.9
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
types-urllib3==1.26.23
    # via types-requests
typing-extensions==4.3.0
    # via mypy
urllib3==1.26.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
uwsgi==2.0.20
    # via -r requirements.txt
varint==1.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   multiaddr
web3==5.30.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
websockets==9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   web3
werkzeug==2.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask
    #   flask-jwt-extended
wrapt==1.14.1
    # via astroid
yarl==1.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
